Hello there! I go by coderCleric online, and I am a passionate programmer with a particular interest in game design and development. In the sections down below I’ve put some of the projects that I’m most proud of, I invite you to take a look at them!
## [Forgotten Castaways](https://github.com/coderCleric/DeepBramble)
By far the project that I’m most proud of, Forgotten Castaways is a mod for the game Outer Wilds. The mod aims to add additional story and narrative to the game by allowing the player to explore deeper into one of the game’s more interesting areas. To do this, the mod adds new characters, locations, lore, and puzzles. <br />

Being such a large undertaking, a number of different tools were used during the creation of this mod. Being a mod for Outer Wilds, there was naturally a heavy use of the Unity game engine as well as the C# programming language. The mod also uses various tools created by the Outer Wilds modding Community, such as the [Outer Wilds Mod Loader](https://github.com/ow-mods/owml) and [New Horizons](https://github.com/Outer-Wilds-New-Horizons/new-horizons). I even ended up making a custom development tool to help place the massive amount of text in the mod, which I later released as the [Nomai Text Printer](https://github.com/coderCleric/NomaiTextPrinter).<br />

Developed largely as a solo project, external contributions to the mod were limited to music, certain visual assets, brainstorming, and feedback on existing elements. With almost three years between the initial commit and the formal release of the mod, this was a true test of my ability to commit to a long-term project. Overall I am very proud of the end result, and what it demonstrates for my ability as a game developer.

## [Heliostudy](https://github.com/2walker2/OWJam5ModProject)
Heliostudy is another Outer Wilds mod, this one being created in just two weeks for the fifth Outer Wilds mod jam. This mod was intended to provide a smaller scale, more lighthearted narrative alongside some fun and creative puzzles. <br />
While most of my other projects have been done without much intervention from others, Heliostudy was actually created by a team consisting of me and three other people. This meant that we all had to work collaboratively and utilize our social skills in order to create a mod that we were proud of. In this team my role was to contribute to the narrative and puzzle concepts, program a portion of the puzzle logic, and write the majority of the character dialogue. Overall Heliostudy turned out to be a very successful mod, winning first place in the jam and still being considered one of the highest quality story mods in the community.
## [Poltergeist](https://github.com/coderCleric/Poltergeist)
## [Computer Literacy Game](https://github.com/coderCleric/Computer-Literacy-Game)
